Checkout starter kit (#310)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/checkout/payment-reference.md

For more information on the available endpoints, refer to [payment API usage](./payment-usage.md#create-a-new-payment-method).

The raw Payment GraphQL schema is available [here](/payment.xml).

| **Route URL**| **Method** | **Description**|
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| [`/V1/oope_payment_method/:code`](https://github.com/adobe/commerce-checkout-starter-kit?tab=readme-ov-file#get-an-oope-payment-method-by-code) | GET        | Retrieve an out-of-process payment method by its code. |
| [`/V1/oope_payment_method`](https://github.com/adobe/commerce-checkout-starter-kit?tab=readme-ov-file#list-all-payment-methods)                 | GET        | List all available out-of-process payment methods.     |
| [`/V1/oope_payment_method`](https://github.com/adobe/commerce-checkout-starter-kit?tab=readme-ov-file#create-a-new-oope-payment-method)         | POST       | Create or update an out-of-process payment method.     |

## GraphQL

The Shipping module's GraphQL schema for this is defined in `etc/schema.graphqls`.

> After creating out-of-process payment, you can access them using the `oopePaymentMethods` GraphQL query available in `available_payment_methods` or `selected_payment_method` of the cart API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access details about out-of-process payment types from the by specifying the `oope_payment_method_config` field within the `available_payment_methods` or `selected_payment_method` field of the cart API.
```

There's no `oopePaymentMethods` query.
